fix fetch-incidents returns duplicates bug (#35424)
demisto/content: Packs/CarbonBlackEnterpriseEDR/Integrations/CarbonBlackEnterpriseEDR/README.md

| CarbonBlackEEDR.SearchProcess.results.process_username | String | User names related to the process. | 
| CarbonBlackEEDR.SearchProcess.results.regmod_count | Number | The cumulative count of registry modifications since process tracking started. | 
| CarbonBlackEEDR.SearchProcess.results.scriptload_count | Number | The cumulative count of loaded scripts since process tracking started. | 

## Troubleshooting

> Note, If the API returns duplicates, we will drop them, causing the total number of alerts fetched to potentially be fewer than the set limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If the API returns duplicates, the duplicates will be dropped, causing the total number of alerts fetched to potentially be fewer than the set limit.
```
This is really not a troubleshooting issue. Not sure it belongs under a Troubleshooting heading.  It's just a Note.  Perhaps it belongs with **fetch-incidents**.
